W-15130945-snowflake-1.2.0-kt (#2504)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: snowflake/1.2/modules/ROOT/pages/snowflake-connector-studio.adoc

. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

[[configure-other-fields]]
== Configure Additional Connector Fields

After you configure a global element for Snowflake Connector, configure the other required fields for the connector. The required fields vary depending on which connector operation you use.

[[view-app-log]]
== View the App Log

To check for problems, view the app log:

* If you’re running the app from Anypoint Platform, the app log output is visible in the Anypoint Studio console window.
* If you’re running the app using Mule from the command line, the app log output is visible in your OS console.

Unless the log file path is customized in the app’s log file (`log4j2.xml`), you can also view the app log in the default location `MULE_HOME/logs/<app-name>.log`. You can configure the location of the log path in the app log file `log4j2.xml`.

[[configure-bouncy-castle]]

> == Configure Bouncy Castle for Encrypted Key-Pair Authentication

Reviewer: General comments.

Do you have to use the term "security provider"? It is techie-sounding, especially for a cloud connector. 

Consider changing "For further details" to "For more information." I haven't seen the "For further details" phrase used in our docs.

Author: Yes, that's what is called. Security provider.

> If you use xref:snowflake-connector-reference.adoc#key-pair-connection[Key-pair Connection] with an encrypted private key, you must configure the Bouncy Castle security provider, configure the BCPKIX (Bouncy Castle Public Key Infrastructure (X.509)) cryptography library, and enable the security provider for CloudHub or Runtime Fabric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a xref:snowflake-connector-reference.adoc#key-pair-connection[Key-pair connection] with an encrypted private key, you must configure the Bouncy Castle security provider, configure the BCPKIX (Bouncy Castle Public Key Infrastructure (X.509)) cryptography library, and enable the security provider for CloudHub or Runtime Fabric.
```

> === Configure Bouncy Castle Security Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configure the Bouncy Castle Security Provider
```

To configure the Bouncy Castle security provider, follow these steps:

> . Open `AnypointStudio.ini` file and identify where Java VM is stored. For further details, refer to  https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=001115951&type=1[How to find AnypointStudio Ini file]. The path to VM is set up by the `-vm` command. Consider the following path `JAVA_VM_FOLDER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the `AnypointStudio.ini` file and identify where the Java VM is stored. For further details, refer to  https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=001115951&type=1[How to find the Anypoint Studio .ini file]. Use the `-vm` command to set up the path.
```

> . Download the `bcprov-jdk18on-<VERSION>.jar` and `bcpkix-jdk18on-<VERSION>.jar` files from https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk18on and https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.bouncycastle/bcpkix-jdk18on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Download the `bcprov-jdk18on-<VERSION>.jar` and `bcpkix-jdk18on-<VERSION>.jar` files from https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk18on and https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.bouncycastle/bcpkix-jdk18on.
```

Reviewer: Should these URLs be in back ticks?

. Place the files in the `JAVA_VM_FOLDER/jre/lib/ext` folder.
. Open the `JAVA_VM_FOLDER/jre/lib/security/java.security` file.

> . Set the Bouncy Castle security provider at the end of the list of security providers by inserting the following line with the correspondent number N:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the Bouncy Castle security provider to the end of the list of security providers by inserting the following line with the correspondent number `N`:
```

Reviewer: This isn't clear unless users are supposed to put an N as the number.

+
`security.provider.N=org.bouncycastle.jce.provider.BouncyCastleProvider`

> === Configure BCPKIX Cryptography Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configure the BCPKIX Cryptography Library
```

To configure the BCPKIX cryptography library, follow these steps:

. In Anypoint Studio, open the *Snowflake Config* window.
. For *Connection*, select *Key-pair Connection*.

> . In the *Required Libraries* section, add the required Bouncy Castle BCPKIX jar by either selecting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Required Libraries* section, add the required Bouncy Castle BCPKIX .`jar` file by selecting either of the following:
```

+ 
* *Configure > Add recommended libraries* + 
* *Configure > Add Maven dependency*

[start=4]
. Add the artifact ID `snowflake-jdbc`.

> . Click *Ok*. 

Reviewer: Ok instead of OK?

> In you are running your Mule app in FIPS environment, add the `bcpkix-fips` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In you are running your Mule app in a FIPS environment, add the `bcpkix-fips` library.
```

> === Enable Bouncy Castle Security Provider for CloudHub and Runtime Fabric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Enable the Bouncy Castle Security Provider for CloudHub and Runtime Fabric
```
